In this module,
we have reviewed all the API differences between JUnit 4 and JUnit 5 from the
package that contains all the classes and annotations to how some JUnit 4 rules
are replaced by JUnit Jupiter assertion methods. If you want to migrate your
JUnit 4 or even JUnit 3 tests to JUnit 5,
you can do it gradually. By using the JUnit Vintage and Jupiter engines,
you can have both types of tests on the same project at the same time
without conflicts. Finally, you learned that the JUnit 4 extension
mechanism is not supported in JUnit 5. However,
some selected types of rules can be executed on JUnit
Jupiter with adaptor extensions to enable a gradual
migration to the new extension model.
With this, we reach the end of this course. We have covered
topics like the importance of unit tests,
the new architecture of JUnit 5,
dynamic and parameterized tests, and the extension model of JUnit 5.
But remember,
JUnit is just a tool. I encourage you to learn more about unit tests in general.
Remember that you can contact me if you have questions or problems.
Thanks for watching this course. I hope you had a great time learning about JUnit 5. Take care, and bye for now.